A GUI based version of monopoly.

GUI Design: Callie Johnston
GUI Programming Callie Johnston, Lloyd Ramey
Gameplay Design: Alex Hammers, Lloyd Ramey
Gameplay Programming: Alex Hammers, Lloyd Ramey, Callie Johnston

To Compile:
You must have qt installed. Instructions for doing so can be found here:
http://qt-project.org/doc/qt-4.8/install-x11.html

Run these commands in this order:
qmake
make

After these commands have complete, you will hve an executable file called "Monopoly" (without quotes)

To Run:
Compile the program, then run the executable named Monopoly.

Gameplay:
Players pieces are represented by a colored square on the board space they are occupying.
  To Play:
    Select the number of players (2-6) with the appropriate button (All five buttons are located below the board).
      Note: If you would like to restart at any point in the game, select the number of players for the new game, 
        and the board will reset.
    A player moves by clicking the roll dice button. After rolling the 2 six sided die, the player will be moved 
      the appropriate number of spaces around the board.
      
      If you land on a buyable property, and have enough money to purchase it, you will be asked if you want to
        buy the property. You must select either yes or no.
      If you land on a space which requires you to pay rent, the required rent will automatically be payed to the
        correct recipient.
      If you land on Go To Jail, you will automatically be put in jail.
      If you pass Go, 200 will automatically be given to you.
      Free parking does nothing in this version of Monopoly.
    
    Once your money goes to 0 or below, you are out of the game. The game is won when one person is left.
    If you lose, all of your properties are automatically given back to the bank and open for sale to players who 
      land on them in following turns.

    You can buy houses for properties only when you own all two or three properties in the monopoly, and you must 
      build on all properties in a monopoly at the same rate (e.g. you cannot buy two houses for one property when
      the other properties don't have any houses on them.). And you are only able to buy houses for properties when
      you land on them.

Limitations:
  You cannot see the number of houses on any one property.
  You cannot see which properties are owned by whom.
  Community Chest and Chance cards don't display a message, they only add or subract money.
  You can only see the last player to have landed on the spot (so you cannot see multiple players on the same space)
